# hello-world
I am attempting to share an educational, Biblical world view with a different perspective, or viewpoint. My passion is to inform those who may be viewing the world through what I call, a complex prospective that has been distracted by social circles, and the media. The environment we grow up in can distort our interpretation of the world, our reasoning abiliities, and develop complex resoning skill sets.
One of my foundational goals in life is to help those who struggle with adversities or are without hope. I'm not trying to tell anyone that their journey will be effortless, overbearing, or short-lived. It is to communicate that if you put your faith and trust in the Lord and walk the straight and narrow path, then it is what you will learn throughout life and what could be at the end of your journey that will bring you peace, strength, understanding. Most importantly, how to share the joy of the Lord with others, and how to get through each day with purpose. 
We are all descendants of Adam and Eve, who chose to sin and because of that we are all born sinful, fallible people. No one is sinless or innocent aside from Jesus Christ. Only God knows when we are no longer a child and become accountable for our sins. At that moment of accountability we are cut off from God. We need to get right with Him, ask forgiveness and grow through His will, continually reminding ourselves that we live in a fallen world where there is pain, suffering, and death. 
When there is a difficult situation that you can't understand you must accept the fact that this world will be judged one day and that we need to be aware of the affects of sin and the curse. When you experience a trial in your walk it is to strengthen your faith or teach you through His wisdom.
We know there are forces trying to destroy our relationship with anything that involves our future with God. Just remember Who will lift you up (the Lord) and who wants to distract you from what is good and what is right (Satan) We all know in the end Who will reign and who will fall. Which side would you rather be on and how can you help others to understand what you have learned? God gave us all the ability to help one another in some way. We all share the burden of sin and the curse, therefore we need to use our God-given abilities to help those in need. What you have to offer could bridge the gap and help an individual take that next step on their spiritual walk.
  
